SolarCity Coding Challenge Instructions
=======================================

Functional Specs
----------------

### Solar Online Sales

The UX/UI is totally up to you. If you like, get creative and add additional
features a user might find useful!

Create a service that allows an individual to indicate interest in Solar Panels.

Minimum Requirements:
* Your application should accept a customer's name, age, address, and why their interested in Solar (Yes/no questions and/or text.).
* Your application should save this information to a database of your choosing.


Technical spec
--------------

The architecture should be split between a back-end and a web front-end, for
instance providing an in/out RESTful API in JSON. Feel free to use any other
technologies, provided that the general client/service architecture is
respected.

Choose **one** of the following technical tracks that best suits your skillset:

1. **Full-stack**: include both front-end and back-end.
2. **Back-end track**: include a minimal front-end (e.g. a static view or API docs). Write, document and test your API as if it will be used by other services.
3. **Front-end track**: include a minimal back-end, focus on making the interface as polished as possible.

### Back-end

We believe there is no one-size-fits-all technology. Good engineering is about
using the right tool for the right job, and constantly learning about them.
Therefore, feel free to mention in your `README` how much experience you have
with the technical stack you choose, we will take note of that when reviewing
your challenge.

Here are some technologies we are more familiar with:

* C#
* JavaScript/NodeJS
* Go
* Python
* Java

You are also free to use any web framework. If you choose to use a framework
that results in boilerplate code in the repository, please detail in your
README which code was written by you (as opposed to generated code).

### Front-end

The front-end should ideally be a single page app with a single `index.html`
linking to external JS/CSS/etc. You may take this opportunity to demonstrate
your CSS3 or HTML5 knowledge.

We recommend using [Angular.js](https://angularjs.org/) for a front-end MVC, however you're welcome to use any front end MVC Framework (Ember, Backbone, Angular, etc.). Make sure to mention in your `README` how much experience you have
with the framework you choose, we will take note of that when reviewing
your challenge.

Host it!
--------

While not a requirement, we always appreciate seeing an app hosted, so if you're feeling ambitious host it somewhere (e.g. on Amazon EC2, Heroku, Google
AppEngine, etc.)!

Questions
---------

Reach out to rcrandall@solarcity.com with any questions/concerns/assistance. Collaboration is a core focus at SolarCity and we're happy to answer any and all questions!